/home/cc/Project1/model_BASEHOCK.txt
Load forest
Load data
On CPU
On GPU
time_dense is 0.141000 us
correct is true
time_dense is 0.558800 us
correct is true
/home/cc/Project1/model_Higgs.txt
Load forest
Load data
On CPU
On GPU
time_dense is 1.603200 us
correct is true
time_dense is 222.856598 us
correct is true
/home/cc/Project1/model_SUSY.txt
Load forest
Load data
On CPU
On GPU
time_dense is 1.246600 us
correct is true
time_dense is 124.006203 us
correct is true
/home/cc/Project1/model_SVHN.txt
Load forest
Load data
On CPU
On GPU
time_dense is 0.773800 us
correct is true
time_dense is 34.325802 us
correct is true
/home/cc/Project1/model_allstate.txt
Load forest
Load data
On CPU
On GPU
time_dense is 0.382800 us
correct is true
time_dense is 39.469601 us
correct is true
/home/cc/Project1/model_cifar10.txt
Load forest
Load data
On CPU
On GPU
time_dense is 0.126000 us
correct is true
time_dense is 0.799200 us
correct is true
/home/cc/Project1/model_covtype.txt
Load forest
Load data
On CPU
On GPU
time_dense is 0.156600 us
correct is true
time_dense is 11.839800 us
correct is true
/home/cc/Project1/model_cup98.txt
Load forest
Load data
On CPU
On GPU
time_dense is 0.113400 us
correct is true
time_dense is 11.461801 us
correct is true
/home/cc/Project1/model_gisette.txt
Load forest
Load data
On CPU
On GPU
time_dense is 0.216000 us
correct is true
time_dense is 1.679200 us
correct is true
/home/cc/Project1/model_year.txt
Load forest
Load data
On CPU
On GPU
time_dense is 0.096200 us
correct is true
time_dense is 8.821600 us
correct is true
model/final_model1_2000_10.txt
Load forest
Load data
On CPU
On GPU
time_dense is 0.368600 us
correct is true
time_dense is 48.103199 us
correct is true
/home/cc/Project1/model_ijcnn1.txt
Load forest
Load data
On CPU
On GPU
time_dense is 0.078000 us
correct is true
time_dense is 0.389800 us
correct is true
/home/cc/Project1/model_phishing.txt
Load forest
Load data
On CPU
On GPU
time_dense is 0.081800 us
correct is true
time_dense is 0.837800 us
correct is true
/home/cc/Project1/model_aloi.txt
Load forest
Load data
On CPU
On GPU
time_dense is 0.820000 us
correct is true
time_dense is 110.792801 us
correct is true
/home/cc/Project1/model_letter.txt
Load forest
Load data
On CPU
On GPU
time_dense is 0.074400 us
correct is true
time_dense is 3.650400 us
correct is true
